What did you say, order two?
That means the entire collection
You have to pay twice the price.
Of course I know that
What? Is he crazy?
No one has started bidding yet
He actually lit two glass deformed lamps at once
This is two
Does he have the strength?
Feed me two glazed seven-star knives, but they are doubled
Do you have any money?
Don't worry about Xu Sheng
I really don't know where you got the courage
Just order two knives at a time
Xu Sheng is so rich
or
You come up again to point the knife
You think everyone is like you
Head caught in the door
Do you know what you are doing in the morning?
You don't want to die
Did you put your heart in your stomach?
I have my reasons for doing this
You Are Me
What if he doesn't come up with the money in the end?
Didn't you hear what the host said just now?
Shame in public
You trash
This kind of person really regards himself as a rich man
You're playing with your life
Start the next collection?
Next Collection Tang Dynasty Bodhi Flowing Gold Bronze Mirror
Base price 80 million
Each increase must not be less than 10 million
80 million
I give 90 million
120 million plus 3
What? Is this guy crazy?
That's five of them.
5 in total
300 billion.
Spend 300 billion on these two products
Is this guy crazy?
I heard he's just a junk picker
Can you come up with that much money?
Forget it, there's no mistake.
That's not rigorous.
How dare you let such a trash in?
Old Jean venue
director
I seriously suspect that this position disrupts the order of the venue
I request that it be recapitalized